# KMXMLParser

Follow the instructions below or check out the Objective-c and Swift sample projects. 

NB: The Swift code is still pretty rough but it's functioning.

### How to use - Objective-c

- Drag KMXMLParser.m and KMXMLParser.h into your Xcode project. Make sure to check the "Copy items into destination group's folder" box and add the files to your target.

- At the top of the class you want to parse the XML file ``#import "KMXMLParser.h"``

- To parse your file you need to use the following code:

```Objective-C
    KMXMLParser *km = [[KMXMLParser alloc] initWithURL:url delegate:self]; 

    NSMutableArray *posts = [km posts];
```
- This will return a mutable array containing all data from the feed (title, date, summary, link). If you want an array with only one of those four pieces of data specify the tag:

```Objective-C
    NSMutableArray *posts = [km postsWithTag:@"title"];
```

- Your posts array will now contain all the data from the XML. You can access it using the relevent key. For example, if you want the title of the most recent post you would use:

```Objective-C
    [[posts objectAtIndex:0] objectForKey@"title"]);
```

- You can also get the ``summary``, ``date``, and ``link`` using the appropriate key.

### How to use - Swift

- Drag KMXMLParser.swift into your Xcode project. Make sure to check the "Copy items into destination group's folder" box and add the files to your target.

- To parse your file you need to use the following code:

```Swift
    var parser : KMXMLParser = KMXMLParser.alloc().initWithURL(url) as KMXMLParser 
    dataArray = parser.posts
```
- Your data array will now contain all the data from the XML. You can access it using the relevant key. For example, if you want the title of the most recent post you would use:

```Swift
    var dict : NSDictionary! = dataArray.objectAtIndex(0) as NSDictionary
    var title = dict.objectForKey("title") as String
``` 

- You can also get the ``summary``, ``date``, and ``link`` using the appropriate key.

### License

  The MIT License

  Copyright 2011-2021 Kieran McGrady

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
  this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
  the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
  copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the 
  Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject 
  to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
  copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS 
  OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
  WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF 
  OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
